Hi! I made an app called Reverie which aims to help anyone who wants to expand their vocabulary whether it be for the sake of accuring more knowledge or for standardized tests such as the SAT/ACT! Users are able to learn a new word each day through this app and they can also input new words that they learn after taking practice tests or in their daily life. It also includes quotes by historical figures which will motivate you to keep studying(hopefully)! Light and dark mode are both supported!

I made this app becuase I'm starting to study for the SAT and I wanted a place to store all the words I miss when taking practice tests. I hadn't really seen an app for this specific purpose so I decided to make one! Though it was initially created for SAT prep users could also use it to save made up words or acronyms that they often use and create their own dictionaries. Maybe it could even be used for conlangs! The adding your own quotes function was origunally for adding inspirational quotes although I'm definetly going to use it to document the interesting things that other people say.

I made this project with swift first by implementing the daily word then by moving on to slightly more advanced features such as the saving of quotes and words. For the daily word I decided to store the words in a json file which is convenient although does require manual updates. Then I accessed this daily word both in a view and in a widget. After this I spent a very long time figuring out how allow users to favorite words. I then added a randomized quote feature which was similar to the daily word feature. Further, I allowed people to add their own quotes and words.

Something I struggled with was starting to code and implementing the favoriteWords section because I had no previous experience(other than a few tutorials) in swift and still wasn't completely clear on some of the concepts. I had trouble implementing the favorited words across many screens but then realized that showing the favorited words on many screens would be an ineffective use of space because this could be easily solved by a filter button which I implemented instead.

I learned a lot about the swift and the apple review process by making this app and to not underestimate how much time something can take, especially when just starting out. Swift was a lot harder to learn than other languages like python and html/css but I look forward to creating more apps in the future!
